as you know Republicans in Congress I've
been hard at work looking to repeal and
replace Obamacare right now people have
very strong opinions about the
president's health care plan and back in
I think 2013 we conducted an experiment
here on the show we went on the street
and we asked people which was better
Obamacare or the Affordable Care Act
which is anyone who knows anything about
this subject at all knows Obamacare is
just a nickname for the Affordable Care
Act they're the same thing so with all
the attention being paid to the subject
lately we decided to ask this question
again to see if Americans have learned
anything over the last three years and
well let's see if we have we're talking
to people about health care today okay
do you support Obamacare or the
Affordable Care Act Affordable Care Act
and why is that well I mean I'm not the
biggest fan of Obama so I don't support
him in the Obama things that he's got
going on I'm actually really excited for
the president and the like
[Music]
right so you don't like anything Obama
does and you prefer the Affordable Care
Act absolutely
do you support Obamacare or the
Affordable Care Act I support Obamacare
so if you were a senator and you could
vote today you would vote to keep
Obamacare instead of the Affordable Care
Act yes do you support Obamacare or the
Affordable Care Act
I guessed affordable yeah Affordable
Care Act why do you prefer the
Affordable Care Act or Obamacare I'm not
really sure my girlfriend the supports
Trump so I go with whatever she goes
look she says what is the main
difference between Obamacare and the
Affordable Care Act one is you you pay
and then the other one is Obama pays
pays pretty big difference what makes
Obama care better than the Affordable
Care Act it's more affordable for the
less fortunate I say so Obama care is
more affordable than the Affordable Care
Act Hyde say it is I believe that the
Obama care the premiums are too much too
high so people are end up paying more so
I believe in the Affordable Care Act and
so the Affordable Care Act is more
affordable than Obama care right correct
right right which is obvious based on
the name it's in the name right right
why do you like the Affordable Care Act
more than Obama care because I don't
like Obama but you like the Affordable
Care Act yeah what if I told you about
McCarran the Affordable Care Act are the
same thing
we're talking about health care with
people out here today tight do you
support Obamacare or the Affordable Care
Act you know I'm kind of like can you
repeat the question sure do you support
Obamacare or the Affordable Care Act
when it comes to health care I guess I
mean Obama's pretty tight so I guess are
you right now
pretty stumped right you know health
care insurance plan is I don't know man
I don't even think I have health
insurance shouts my mom's thanks for
watching if you like that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares